Streaming Content Challenge Prompt

Create a new console application. We are going to be building
a proof of concept for a streaming company. Right now they will 
only be streaming movies and tv shows.
We will need a 
Streaming Content object class (this will hold our properties)
Our properties will be ContentName, ContentType (tv show or movie),
ContentRating, ContentTime, ContentGenre (action, scifi, etc)


Program.cs which will be already built for us when we create the
console app.

We need a ProgramUI.cs where our Console commands and prompts for the 
user to know where to go.

And a repository class to hold our methods such as adding to a list,
removing from a list, getting the list from our repository and remove
from a list. These methods would not be considered low fruit so 
don't start with these.

We will also need a unit test project for the methods in our 
Repository.

The user should be able to input the values
for the StreamingContent object properties, They should be able to
see all of the current StreamingContent objects, and remove a object.﻿

/*Smaller*/

A popular streaming company has asked you to write a console 
app to help them keep track of available content.

They need to be able to see all their StreamingContent, Add 
new content, and remove content. They also would like a menu
for them to easily navigate through the application.


Using the respository pattern, create an application that allows
the user to create new content, see all content, and remove content. 
You should have a program user interface and method repository. 


/*Prompt v2*/
﻿A popular streaming company has asked you to write a console 
app to help them keep track of their streaming service. 


They need to be able to see all their StreamingContent, Add 
new content, and remove content. They also would like a menu
for them to easily navigate through the application. 

They also want to add a new feature that allows a user to create a 
queue of content they would like to watch. They would need to be able
to watch a show and add a new show to the list.


Using the respository pattern, create an application that allows
the user to create new content, see all content, and remove content. 
You should have a program user interface and method repository. 

You should also use a Queue to allow the company to create a Queue of 
content for a customer.